First thing that Medicare has done is it says that if you're — when you join Medicare, you get preventative screenings. Put in Texas terms, in order to solve something, you got to diagnose it.
Border relations between Canada and Mexico have never been better.
A political candidate who jumps to conclusions without knowing the facts is not a person you want as your Commander-in-Chief.
I want to send the signal to our enemy that you have aroused a compassionate and decent and mighty nation, and we're going to hunt you down.
I want to thank the President and the CEO of Constellation Energy, Mayo Shattuck. That's a pretty cool first name, isn't it, Mayo. Pass the Mayo.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once — shame on — shame on you.  You fool me, you can't get fooled again.
I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office.
This notion that the United States is getting ready to attack Iran is simply ridiculous. And having said that, all options are on the table.
There — it's — you know, one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror.
It's in our country's interests to find those who would do harm to us and get them out of harm's way.
There's a lot of us getting ready to retire. We're called baby boomers.  As a matter of fact, my retirement age is 2,008.
I like to tell people, Laura and I are proud to be Texas — own a Texas ranch, and for us, every day is Earth Day.
I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep on the soil of a friend.
And so, in my State of the — my State of the Union — or state — my speech to the — nation, whatever you wanna call it, speech to the nation — I asked Americans to give 4,000 years — 4,000 hours over the next — of the rest of your life — of service to America. That's what I asked. I said 2 — 4,000 hours.
And, most importantly, Alma Powell, Secretary of Colin Powell, is with us.
No question in my mind these are tough times for America. But there's no question in my mind we'll prevail. Right is on our side.  And we'll prevail, because we're a fabulous nation, and we're a fabulous nation because we're a nation full of fabulous people.
I know what I believe. I will continue to articulate what I believe and what I believe — I believe what I believe is right.
We got an issue in America. Too many good docs are gettin' out of business. Too many OB/GYNs aren't able to practice their — their love with women all across this country.
You're working hard to put food on your family.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.
I hear there's rumors on the Internets that we're going to have a draft.
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully.
You work three jobs? … Uniquely American, isn't it? I mean, that is fantastic that you're doing that.
They misunderestimated me.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
